The Joe Rogan experience. Yeah, that was a, an.
Interesting take because, um, that guy was a,
he was a young guy and he had never been the star of a movie before and they
were making this movie and because they, they, you know,
they'd put money into this. The executives were giving him a line readings.
There was a guy who was wearing cuff links and an expensive watch and this
really nice tailored suit. And he was saying,
he was telling him how to be funny.
Bob Simons. That was probably the producer. I don't know. Cause I worked,
I did a movie with him, see spot run. And this was after that,
that's how it was being an. They was just being.
A guy with money and it gets mad or something like that.
Is there any situations.
You don't do that? You know.
The guy wanted to do the movie, what it was.
He was happy to be the star of the movie and he just took it. Remember.
When they Dominic Alon reading, he flipped. I mean,
Dominic's the most calm Dominic kinase. He played uncle junior,
the most calm guy, just sweetheart.
And somebody gave him line readings and he flipped out.
It was a, I was in the car, we were in a,
the camera car and I was driving on the New Jersey turnpike. You know,
they were towing the carpet, you know, the camera was there and uh,
I was stuck. I couldn't get out.
And the director came over and Dominick was gone. Don't tell me how to do it.
Just tell me what you want. And this is the nicest man in the history.
Right. And he was gone. Don't tell me how to do it. Just tell me what Joanne.
What is the thing about actors with liners? Because.
Then you get your, now you're not discovering it. You're not,
you're not creating the moment. You're just imitating it.
So it's not organic and it's not,
might not be as interesting as what you're going to come up with as an actor.
But it does, it doesn't bother me so much. A lot.
Of directors don't know how to deal with actors.
So they think that that's helpful, but it's, it's actually the opposite.
It's not helpful because when, like when they give.
You a line reading, they would actually say the line the way they want.
Sometimes they will. And.
You know what? That doesn't bother me. I flip out it hasn't happened.
Much. I've gone off on directors to that.
And listen, especially with a sit-com, which I find very difficult.
I find one hour dramas. I, I,
I liked that so much more sitcoms, a different rhythm, a different beat.
I don't think I'm very good at it. And I've done quite a bit of him. Uh,
you know, the guys giving me a note to give me, I said this, tell me,
tell me what you want me, how do you say, tell me how to say it.
I'll do what you want because obviously I'm not getting what you want.
I want to make the director happy. I want to do a good job.
Tell me it doesn't bother me that much. You know, I have had directors,
uh, I did a movie with a young kid. It was a really good role, a younger kid.
After every take, he came over to talk to me. Finally, I went like,
just let me do my thing. I'll figure it out. Just stay away. Appreciative.
Of the fact that you've got to think about what you're doing.
And if they're yapping at you,
then you thinking about them and it interrupts this whole process.
You freak out though, Michael.
Yeah. Because as an actor, you have to, you're playing the scene,
the reality of the scene, whatever it is,
this guy saying something and it you off.
So that's what you're trying to create. That's what you're trying to do.
Someone tells you say the line like this, well then I'm not in the moment.
I'm not dealing with this. I'm just thinking about imitating this,
who just told me to say something a certain way. You know what I mean?
I had a director who said to me, uh, make a comical face.
And I said, I don't know what that means. Do you want me to be happy?
Do you want me to be ecstatic over the top? Really excited, make a funny face.
And then I said, ah, I don't know what that means. I.
Think he should be more cartoonish. And then he.
Said, uh, he said, well, I'm not really good at, uh, I swear to God. He said,
I'm not really good at giving directions. I said, that's.
Your job.
That's actually the title of the job is direction.
Do you feel like as an actor, it's a,
it's a strange thing to do because you're creating something,
but it's also this collaborative effort you're working with the other actors,
but you're also working with the director either is the script that you're
supposed to be following. And maybe there's some changes to the script.
And there's so much going on to try to create your version
of it. That the more that people are with you,
the more that's going to just throw you off the rails.
It does. And I've what I found is the best people, the best director,
best actors and writers make it.
So you feel very comfortable and that you are free to create and that you're not
being dominated or dictated to and stuff like that. Like for instance,
the best example is Martin Scorsese, who I only worked with once in a movie,
I felt like I could do no wrong.
He creates that environment where you feel completely creative and free and
that it doesn't get better than him. Yeah.
You know, it doesn't get better. I would imagine that that's a,
that's a real skill that you hone to be able to look at it from the artist's
perspective, from the actor's perspective. And just to, to,
just to figure out how to be the least annoying, the most supportive,
and then just sort of convey what you're trying to get done.
A hundred percent. I mean, both ways, you know, as an actor too,
you got to learn, you know,
you learn how to deal with different types of directors and give,
give them what they want and give and satisfy yourself at the same time.
When you're not as skill, when you're learning, it's harder to do that.
You know, I got fired from my very first professional job. I was 21.
I'd been studying for a long time. I've been auditioning, never got anything.
I get a play and I was a lead in a play off-Broadway but it got a lot of
attention because it was based on a true story. And, uh,
I got fired after the opening weekend because I didn't respect the
director. I thought he,
I didn't think he knew what he was doing and I didn't know how to give him what
he needed and still do my own thing. I wasn't skilled enough yet.
So they fired me. It was devastating.
But a lot of like,
I work with Clint Eastwood a few times and it's with the
casting, he's relying on you. That's why he cast you. So a lot of, a lot of,
a lot of directors, even big ones,
they don't even give you any direction they hired you, did you? Yeah,
absolutely. You did your thing. And now go ahead and take it away. I mean,
you know, and, and it's a lot with like, he believes it's a lot with it.